So everyone! whats goin on..?
Brb just need get a munch,:))
Who wants to read some Your mama Jokes:p il post some in the room for yall! one by one
Yo Mama so FAT JOKES - Yo momma so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
Your momma so fat she eats Wheat Thicks
Your moma sooo fatt were in her right now
Yo momma soo fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo moma so fatt she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
Your mama so fat she has been declared a natural habitat for Condors
Yo mamma so0 fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her
Your mamma so fatt she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for the new world 
Yo mum sooo fat she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
Your mum soo fat when you get on top of her your ears pop! 
Yo mom so0 fat when she has sex, she has to give directions! 
Your mom so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized 
Yo moma soo fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Your mom s0 fatt she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller 
Yo momm so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
ur mamma so0 fatt when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Your moma sooo fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Yo mom so fatt when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
ur moma soo fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo
Your momma s0 fat she fell in love and broke it
Yo mom so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued
ur mamma so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock
Lmfao :)) theres nothing people can say when you know as many Yo Mum Jokes as i Do :p
Your momm so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg
Yo momma so0 fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
ur moma soo fatt she wakes up in sections! 
Your moma so fat when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo momma so fat she was mistaken for God's bowling ball! 
ur mom s0 fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun
Your momma so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!! 
Yo mamma sooo fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips! 
ur moma so fat she has to use a VCR as a beeper! 
Your moma so0 fatt when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights!
Yo momma so fat she was baptized at Marine World
ur mom s0 fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips
I might have to go room bouncing..Unless somebody Talks with me ... Like.. Today!! Hello...  
Your momm so fat she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo momma sooo fatt she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles
ur moma so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Your mom so fat she was Miss Arizona -- class Battleship
Yo mamma s0o fat she accidently got a 747 caught in her teeth 
ur momma soo fatt to her 'light food' means under 4 Tons 
Your moma so fat she stepped on a talking scale and it told her to get the fuck off!!! 
Yo mom so fat she has her own brand of jeans: FA - FatAss Jeans 
ur moma soo fat she has more rolls than a mary jane truck
Yo momma so poor when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!!! 
Yo momm so0 poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp
ur mamma so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl 
Your momma so stupid she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
Yo ma soo stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl.
ur mom teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles! 
Yo mum teeth are so yellow she spits butter!  
Your mamma teeth are so yellow I can't believe its not butter   
Yo mam so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs  
Yo momma so nasty She gotta put ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh!  
Your momma so0 nasty she brings crabs to the beach   
Yo mom s0 nasty the fishery be paying her to leave  
ur ma soo nasty she joined the four horseman: war, death, famine, disease and Yo momma  
Your mamma's glasses are so thick that when she looks on a map she can seen people waving.  
Yo mam head so big she has to step into her shirts  
ur moma feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates!   
Your momm aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!  
Yo mamm teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice  
ur mom mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound  
Your mum arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear  
Yo mother gums are so black she spits Yoo-hoo 
ur Ma is So rouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals  
Your momma was in church with a tee-shirt on that said 'WHO FARTED?'  
I saw your momma at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle  
Yo daddy is like cement, it takes him two days to get hard  
You were born out of your mother's arse 'cos her cunt was too busy  
Yo mums nose is so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
omg.. so bored, I might have to leave an go room hoppin..